hey guys it's a fantasy simmer and
welcome to another Curtis in video so
this greatest nvidia is a collab with
sabra darling games so I've done to
collapse with her before and we just
love doing collabs together super fun
and she's just great so we were doing
another one and this collab is actually
a twin Sims collab and basically what
that is is you have two people create a
sim and another person telling us what
the sim should look like so at the end
then at the end you try to see how
similar they look so we had Jessica or
Jessica 92 on YouTube we had her tell us
um some things she wants to sim to look
like and I guess we'll see if the sims
end up looking anything alike so she
suggested to make a boo a bohemian sim
and have her like have light makeup nude
lips light brown eyes skinny lips
somewhat skinny nose and like dirty
blonde hair kind of Licata or she
suggested like ombre like blonde to
brown or or brown to blonde I don't know
but yeah but that's just some of the
things she said the sims should look
like and I guess at the end of this
video you should go check out sabres
video and see if the sims end up looking
anything alike so this was a really long
intro but yeah I will have a sabres
channel link down below so you should
definitely check her video out i'll have
the video linked as well of course and
yeah i hope you guys enjoyed this kurtis
in collab and i will see you guys in my
next video and also i'm going to be
adding music after this so yeah bye guys
well
to Miami
you
huijeong
with
to Miami
you
John
Oh
you
what do you jump
member